Hello everyone today as I told you the other
day I bring you the video of the smart boot
artemio that I bought two weeks ago or
well and I'll explain the differences
between one and another
for example the normal smartphone comes
with the poly and glue as you know and
this one does not have a pen or glue
nothing
also the normal one carries the spine of cloth
and this in turn has the same role
for the back cover and the cover
the dt
it 's worth it
the camps company has the pocket
back as you all know and this one either
has no pocket in the part of
behind
otherwise everything is the same both
Size of the caps as the size of
the leaves as the size of the spiral and
the one of artemio like that of frank
company also comes with the plastic
to protect it
well let's see the inside
this khan company is more type
romantic with leaves as you see in
pastel color
and the prints are more flowers
butterflies
this leaves 30 sheets leave them company
it only takes 40
i
to
the problem also has this is
that the beige hole
the hollow where they will expire them all
here is too big at the time of
close and open the leaves as
chat keys here
and this is all
so this usually costs around 16 euros per
there truth right now it reminded us very
well this is a little bit cheaper I think
that cost me 10 anyway
I'll do in the shop where
I bought down in
in the information so you can go to
see what it's worth and the features
Well I hope you liked it and
I despair in the next video until
then